Obtaining product (#30)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/api-process/product.md

- `price` - Filter by the product's price.

Here is an example query that looks for products that contain the term "cushion" in their titles or descriptions:

```graphql
query {
  products(first: 2, filter: { search: "cushion" }) {
    edges {
      node {
        name
      }
    }
  }
}
```

The response could be:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "products": {
      "edges": [
        {
          "node": {
            "name": "Colored Parrot Cushion"
          }
        },
        {
          "node": {
            "name": "White Parrot Cushion"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

### Sorting

In the `products` you can also sort the results by using the `sortBy` field, which consists of two arguments:

- `field` - Allows selecting a field to sort the results by from several predefined choices, such as `PRICE` or `NAME`.

- `direction` - The direction in which to sort the items: `ASC` (ascending) or `DESC` (descending).

This example shows how to sort the products list by the minimal variant price, lowest to highest:

```graphql
query {

>   products(first: 2, sortBy: { field: MINIMAL_PRICE, direction: ASC }) {

Reviewer: This is only to show how to construct arguments for sorting, pricing will be described anyway somewhere else.

              "currency": "USD"
            }
          }
        },
        {
          "node": {
            "name": "Banana Juice",
            "minimalVariantPrice": {
              "amount": 5,
              "currency": "USD"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

## Obtaining a single product

To get a single product, use the `product` query, which requires only one input field:

- `id` - Unique product ID.

Imagine that you want to render a product details page in the storefront. In this case, we would ask for the following fields:

- `name` - The name of the product.
- `description` - The description of the product in a plain text format.
- `images` - List of product images.
- `variants` - List of product variants.

For each variant we're also asking for:

- `id` - Unique variant ID. This ID is used to add items to checkout (see the [How to create checkout](api-process/check-out.md) guide for more details).
- `sku` - Stock keeping unit - usually used by your staff to identify products in your inventory.
- `name` - Name of the variant constructed of its attributes.
- `quantity` - Current stock quantity of the variant in your inventory.

> - `pricing` - Represents all information about the current price of the particular variant. Use this field to display the price to your customers.

Reviewer: I think there are no much difference here, pricing will probably have it's own topic somewhere plus we will have it described in the API reference.

title: How to Obtain a Product? 
---

You can either retrieve a single product or a list of products. You may require a list of products in many situations, for example, when you need to simply display a list of products in your storefront, or to provide a third party service with a list of products available in your store. 

## Retrieving a product list

To fetch a product list you need to run the `products` query. This query takes the following input:

* `first` / `last` 

> This argument must be coupled with the number of products you want to get. The maximum number of products is 200. This input field is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This argument must be coupled with the number of products you want to get. The maximum number of products per request is 100. This input field is required.
```
